everyone welcome back to the official
into the Christmas tree that could a
geeky youtube channel and that was
another doing station this time we're on
two cha-cha-cha charts as you can see
there are four here once a paying one
others a mouse and a monkey and there is
also a meerkat here which I think
there's a new addition yes I think it is
so as you can see they're all super cute
and soft and cuddly and I kicked in that
to these times because they really are
so cute and cuddly and I could keep them
for myself if I wasn't you know an adult
and they love to talk I repeat what you
see in squeaky voice I come with
batteries and safe but I recommend to
change my batteries before you use me
all you need to do is remove the plastic
tab from my face switch me on and talk
to me I'll repeat what you see and block
my heads up in the day so I know that I
want to hear from the meerkat so let's
just take a look and what activate the
meerkat
so so we see high near cat okay is that
born season again this under the
Christmas tree that could you keep for
more information so all these other
folks do the exact same thing the monkey
oh the mouse the penguin that's I'm
completely lost for words now and sorry
about that but any animation before
visit under the Christmas tree that
could a key and of course visit 50-50
and games and I will put a link to the
way I made 5050 gifts and I will put a
link to those in the description box
below if you have any questions feel
free to get in touch thank you for
watching and see if I buy your car